Document how to add foaf:knows friends (#8)
solid/userguide: README.md

To view your storage:
1. Select **Your storage** from the dropdown menu.
2. A Folder view of your storage is displayed.

### Your friends
If you want to add someone to your profile as a public friend or acquaintance, using the `foaf:knows` predicate, you can use the Social view. This is the colored icon that has four smileys in them:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/775139/68128362-df779e80-ff17-11e9-883a-04b4bb0b30d8.png)

> Clicking on this you'll have the ability to drag-and-drop URIs onto the list, which will add Solid friends to your profile. Make sure to use the whole webid of the friend you are adding, so including the `#me` ([screencast](https://vimeo.com/371135706)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on this will display a list, onto which you can drag-and-drop URIs, which will add Solid friends to your profile. Make sure to use the whole WebID of the friend you are adding, including, for instance, the `#me` or other fragment identifier ([screencast](https://vimeo.com/371135706)).
```

Author: Thanks!
